varicose veins refers to a condition
wherein the veins
enlarge and twist under the skill these
appear as a bluish discoloration on the
skin blood is returned to the heart via
the whales when the valves which are
present in the veins to prevent the
blood from flowing backwards malfunction
they cause accumulation of blood leading
to varicose veins if you have varicose
veins you need to include fiber rich
foods such as oats sorghum or JoVE are
finger millets or Wragge brown rice bran
and pulses in your diet they help to
improve blood circulation and prevent
constipation which can aggravate the
condition also regularly consume healthy
proteins like egg whites lean chicken
fish and sprouts as they help repair the
damage caused to the veins and
strengthen them having vitamin C rich
foods in your diet like oranges Kiwis
gooseberries guava lemons cabbage
broccoli green leafy vegetables and bell
peppers helps to form collagen and
elastin which are key to strong and
healthy veins also incorporate foods
rich in vitamin E as they provide
antioxidants that prevent damage to the
veins for this eat almonds walnuts wheat
germ sunflower seeds and avocados
regularly here are some recipes that
will help you maintain a healthy diet
when suffering from varicose winds
we're gonna make a refreshing gooseberry
drink we're gonna put two deseeded and
cut gooseberries in a blender a teaspoon
of fennel seeds 1/2 a teaspoon of star
anise powder or Chuck refuel we've added
a cup of water to this mixture and we're
now gonna blend finally add a teaspoon
of honey and stir this drink tastes
really good and gives you your dose of
vitamin C we're now going to make a
healthy tasty and filling bean salad
we take 1/4 cup of boiled black-eyed
beans 1 finely chopped garlic clove 1/4
of a chopped onion 1/2 a chopped tomato
1 tbsp of chopped red and yellow peppers
1 tablespoon of chopped basil leaves a
tablespoon of chopped parsley for
seasoning add 1/2 a teaspoon of oregano
powder a teaspoon of fresh lemon juice
and a teaspoon of olive oil now add some
salt and pepper to taste mix this well
and allow to marinate for 10 minutes
once done your salad is ready to eat
avoid consuming salty foods as they can
increase the water retention and blood
pressure and cause stress on Wales also
try to keep away from alcohol and coffee
as they are known to constrict the blood
vessels thus causing more pain eat well
and take care of yourself goodbye we'll
be sharing more such healthy recipes
with you so to make sure you get them
subscribe to our Channel homemade our
nutrition